Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord, or afternoon like it is here.
I had a video that I made you all about the pope and my response to it, or all the things that I believe I've seen.
But I've recorded that video, I think, four times now.
Every single time I get finished with the video, I feel that it's not finished what I'm supposed to say.
I told Braden, "I want to get it right smack dab on because it's that important to me to be accurate in the prophetic, as a watchman.
" The prayer time that I had in this last video was amazing.
I encourage you to listen to the whole thing.
What the Holy Spirit said shook me.
It was amazing, and I want to tell you all it's that clear what the Holy Spirit said in the prayer time.
This is what I have to say about it, and I've gone over this.
Even Braden and I have been talking.
Diana had to go get groceries and stuff.
What I saw is what I saw.
What I saw was the Asian man.
I do not give any excuses for that.
It was out of my prayer time with you all.
I relayed exactly what I was shown.
Was it off?
Yes.
Could it be imagination?
I took communion, y'all.
I did exactly what I always do: I go in with authority and I sit at his feet just like I always do.
What I think is interesting is when I spoke against the prophetic people just this last week who missed it about Trump in the first term.
But they stood by what they said.
They stood by what they saw because they believed they were shown it and they fought for it.
But it was still not accurate for that time frame.
Everything that they were shown, everybody stood by it to the point of embarrassment.
But they believed it because they knew what they seen in the spirit, but it was off.
This what I saw about the Asian pope contradicted what I saw in tribulation.
And that's why it was so hard for me when I grabbed my head and I said, "I bind any demonic spirits trying to influence this vision right now in the name of Jesus.
" I came against it instantaneously because I saw the white man that had the jawbone and all the things that I've always said at the abomination of desolation whenever the pope was standing there with the man in black.
I saw that, and I know that was an out-of-body experience that I had with the Lord Jesus.
I saw the drones.
I saw all of it.
That was more real to me than just pinching myself right now.
I could smell the blood.
I could smell everything.
Feel the fires, all of it.
It was just real.
But this was a prayer assignment praying for this Asian man.
Now, was the Asian man going to take the position and be the pope and we averted that through prayer?
I have no idea.
I'm still praying into that, which is why I haven't made this video so quickly because instantly you want to go, "I missed it.
Forgive me.
" Out of the other four videos that I've made, every single one of them has been apologetic, telling you that I'm sorry for missing it and not wanting to lead the body of Christ wrong.
But I know I saw what I saw.
And that's the part that I struggle with, not out of pride, but out of accuracy.
What did I see?
What was it about the Asian man in a white outfit rising up and trying to cause revival in the Philippines and in all the islands for the Catholic Church like a pope?
Does that happen in the days ahead?
I don't know.
All I know is that the Lord said, "Let your yeas be yeas, your yeses be yeses, and your nays, nays.
Always have a backbone like a crowbar when you're speaking for me.
Never back down.
Always be strong and fear God, not man.
Don't worry about what they say about you, regardless of how hard the word is or what you say.
Don't bow down to it, Brandon.
Stand strong in it because fear me, not them.
" And so, I've always tried to abide by that.
Be bold as a lion.
I've always tried to be as bold as I can be.
Most people say, "Oh, Brandon, poor you.
" Oh folks, we all can miss it.
That's not the problem.
I don't mind missing it.
I've missed it before, and I know I'll probably miss it again.
But when you are leading hundreds of thousands of people in prayer and doing this, I pray for God to make me as accurate as possible.
God, make me as accurate.
I want this vessel to be, when I'm receiving a word from you, flowing through a vessel that doesn't have issues.
Make me a vessel that has no issues.
And that's only with spending time at his feet.
This is something that I'm having to really weigh out because I know I saw it was so clear.
Everything I saw about the calendar flip in front of my face, the storm, all of it, the root coming down, it was so clear.
And I go, "Lord, what is this?
" Like I said, I never want to make excuses.
I'm not here to be popular.
I don't care.
Quite frankly, if it turns off tomorrow, I'll go doing what I always have done.
I've done exactly what he's asked me to do.
But I do not want to lead people astray.
I want people to be able to come here and not go, "Well, can I trust the word?
Is it flaky?
" I don't want to be what it was in 2020.
I always want to be transparent.
And so that's why I've struggled with this because I even struggled with the Asian man.
I'm just being real with you.
It was weird for me.
And I was like, "What is this?
" So I always go back and pray over my mind and say, "Father, I thank you that no familiar voices, no false spirits or anything will mess with my visions or my dreams or anything, and that I'm always lined up with you.
" I think it's interesting, folks, because the bigger the platform, the greater the demonic attack has been that I never speak of because you don't give them any credit.
But I always know that the enemy comes as an angel of light and he tries to come and snare people.
So if he snared me—and this is all, please God, that's the part I have to say, please forgive me—all I can tell you is I try and this is very humbling.
I never had any pride about it.
I wasn't arrogant about it.
I just tell you what I see and I pray.
That's it.
It's just black and white to me.
And so that's why I've been not reluctant to make a video, but reluctant to be quick about making a video.
"What is it, Lord, that you're trying to say?
Is there something to this?
" Because I will not come across as saying Trump's going to be president in 2020 and keep saying it clear up until a year and "Oh no, they're going to remove him.
" I'm not going to be that person.
That's ultimately what it's all about to me: Jesus Christ coming soon.
And I know the other things that I have seen, the track record that I have had with the economy, with all these things, there's a lot there.
I've shared a lot with y'all.
And so we're waiting for some things and we've seen some things.
It's a journey for me.
It's a journey for you.
I pray that you continue to pray with me.
I don't want to discourage anybody.
My heart is pure.
I don't want to be flaky.
God bless everybody if I've caused any kind of confusion because I'm telling you, there's all kinds of YouTubers that are making money off of me trying to poke fun at me.
And it's funny, if it wasn't for people like me, they would go broke.
It's the flat truth.
They would go broke because they have to have negative content against people that see and people that hear that are accurate, that have a following like the Lord has given me.
They don't have a big following, but they make content off of us, running us down, and they make thousands of dollars off of it.
And I go, 'Isn't that funny?
I give you a job.
' So, I don't know, that's just the way I look at it.
I think it's funny because regardless of the persecution, I'm giving these people, who really are rascals, a job.
So, God bless them.
I pray for them.
But you know what?
It is what it is.
And this is what I think's interesting, too.
The Lord gave me the definition between what is a watchman—a true watchman—versus a prophet.
One is a right eye and one is a left eye.
They're both seeing the vision of what's coming, but they proclaim things differently and how you pray for things.
Everything in Christianity is based out of prayer.
The five-fold ministry is all based out of pastor, prophet—it's all based out of prayer.
But the way a prophet proclaims and decrees a thing for the Lord is like a pillar.
A watchman changes things, and things can change.
I see on the edge of the horizon of time, telling you what's coming, and that is it can either be changed or it's set in stone.
But a prophet sees and decrees, and it's set in stone.
They see this is what's going to happen.
But my gifting is different, but it's similar.
It's all through the lens of the watcher.
It's all through the lens.
Does that make sense, what I'm saying?
I'm trying really hard right now, but the Lord showed me.
And there's a lot of prophetic voices that are watchers that are seeing, and they think they can set in stone, and they are walking in a watcher's calling.
And then there's a lot of watchers that are walking in the prophetic.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'The reason there is confusion in the body of Christ is because it's not taught.
There's not a lot of people—pastors, teachers, evangelists—teaching about the watchers and the prophets, the prophetic gifting and what it's about.
' So, you automatically say, 'Brandon's a prophet.
' And I've always told you, I've never had a word from anybody stating that Brandon Biggs is a prophet.
Never have I ever once.
And I've always said—they've always said, 'Brandon, you're called to pray.
' Even the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're called to be an intercessor to the nations.
' I said, 'What?
That's cool.
' But everybody says, 'Well, you're a prophet because you see in the future and you see all these things and it comes to pass.
' I said, 'Some of the negative things that I've seen is not that it would come to pass.
It's that we can stop it and it's a prayer avail.
' But every single word that I've gotten from people has always been around being a watchman and a prayer person, a prayer warrior.
And I go, 'Okay, well, cool.
' And then all of a sudden people start seeing me on YouTube and they go, 'He's a prophet.
' And they label me as a prophet.
And I'm going, 'Well, I'm not a self-proclaimed prophet.
I don't line up with that.
I don't know.
' Then I have other big ministers now going, 'You're a prophet.
' And I'm like, 'But that's not what the Holy Spirit has told me.
' But He's told me I'm a healing evangelist.
I'm supposed to pray for the sick and I know that's coming one day.
I haven't seen the full manifestation of that.
I see sprigs of it, but I haven't seen the full something, you know, taking the baton of healing to the nations.
I haven't seen it yet, but I'm still believing, but I know that I've seen the fruits of being a watchman and praying.
And so, I don't know, y'all.
I'm a work in progress just like everybody else.
But I just wanted to make this video.
I was sitting here in the parking lot and it's not all with the background.
I'm at Sprouts.
I told Braden, I said, 'I've got to release this.
I've got to talk this over and tell everybody.
' Megan's in the back.
Can you tell them hi?
No, she said hi.
She said hi.
'Hi.
Hi.
You want ice cream?
' I do too, but I can't have one.
I'm trying.
Hey, I'm down—I think I'm down 15 pounds.
It's pretty good.
I'm trying.
I've got to turn this around.
I realize that weight can be a distraction.
Clothes can be a distraction.
And I don't want my weight to be a distraction to everybody.
And I don't want my clothes to be a distraction.
So, I've been wearing black t-shirts and stuff because if I wear a polo, people freak out.
'Oh my God.
' And I'm going, 'I'm trying to give you a word and tell you Jesus is coming.
' You're freaking out about clothes.
I'm heavy.
Yes, I ate too many potato chips.
And they say, 'You're fat.
That distracts me.
' I'm like, 'Oh my God.
' I just want you all to hear a clear word, please.
It's like 'squirrel!
' You know, it's like that little thing.
You remember that movie, Up—the cartoon, Up—with the little things?
So the dog was there with his master and he's talking, and every time he'd go, 'Squirrel!
' And he looks at the squirrel and everybody else looks at the squirrel.
I don't want to be that person that causes the squirrel and causes you to be distracted.
It's just real.
I love life, y'all.
Jesus is coming and that's all that matters.
There's so many people, like maybe even them, that don't even know.
There's so many people that have an opportunity where this might be their last moment on this earth.
They could die in their sleep tonight.
And all this other stuff about popes and all this other—quite frankly, it's really silly.
I spoke into something I should have filtered it out.
And usually Braden cuts things out of our videos and says, 'Dad, I don't think you should say that.
' He'll always cut that out and I cut it out and I don't always put everything I see on those videos.
And in this one, I thought, 'You know what?
We probably should.
That was kind of cool.
Let's see what happens with it.
' And I put it out there.
I shouldn't have; I should have cut it out and you would have never known.
I would never be making this video right now.
There's a lot of things that I see that I don't bring public and I just go, 'Whatever.
' You know, you live and you learn.
But it's like—it's the same thing about Trump's ear.
I didn't want to make it public and I did that on Pastor Steve Cioccolanti's channel.
I was not going to make that public, but that was what made the platform what it is today.
There's so many of you all that came over here because of that word, and I was never going to make that public.
Never.
I hinted around at it, but I was too scared to put it on my platform.
And it's funny, we all laugh about it still today that it all went viral when I was at somebody else's channel because I got bolder over there.
So I thought, 'Man, if I see this about this age, man, what is this?
' Who knows what it's still about?
I stand by what I said I saw.
I stand by it.
So we pray this video blesses you.
Now let's go to our prayer session.
Bye-bye.
So let's pray today.
Let's take communion.
Let's pray.
Let's thank the Lord for this day.
He has given it to us, and let's make the most of this day.
Let's make the most of what He's given us today.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, for every single person who's here—still here—if they want to be a part of this prayer channel, they stand and they want to be with You, Lord.
They're all hungry, Father.
They're all wanting.
But Father, we ask for prophetic accuracy.
We ask for watchman accuracy in all of this.
We don't want confusion.
We don't want any confusion.
We don't want any kind of weirdness.
We're not here to be flaky.
We're here to seek You.
And in the process of saying what You say, it may sound flaky, but Father, we want prophetic clarity, Father, that when we hear You, we will hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over every satanic or demonic spirit that comes against the hearing and the seeing of the watchmen.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are not snared by any satanic or demonic spirit in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over these things.
And we thank you, Lord, that we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
It's a promise, Lord.
So Lord, we lift up this body before you.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are anointed for such a time as this to be watchmen, to be seers, to see that which is coming, to warn those people that there's danger, to warn of what's coming.
Father, let us not be caught off guard; let us see what's coming ahead of time—way before it's supposed to happen, way before, even in decades before, whatever it may be—just like you did in the Bible.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And we believe that you spoke to the people back then, and you're speaking to people now.
Father, you've not changed.
You've not altered.
But God, you are still a God that speaks and warns his people of what's coming.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're showing us that which is to come.
Still on this channel, you're still speaking to us.
You're still warning us, 'Brandon, this is coming.
This is what's not coming.
' Well, I need to help the people.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father, that we are not swayed by our emotions.
We're not swayed by what our minds try to think, but we have a backbone, Father, that stands for what God says.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
If you're off, you're off.
If you're right, you're right.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's prophetic clarity.
There's watchman clarity in the days ahead.
Father, my heart is never to try to confuse or bring any kind of confusion into the camp of the body of Christ, bringing forth weirdness.
Father, I thank you, Lord, there's no weirdness, God.
We praise you, God.
There's no weirdness.
There's only clarity; there's only following you.
And I pray over my spiritual eyes, my ears, and my heart, Father, that I hear you only.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
Thank you, Lord, that you have a plan for our lives.
I thank you, Father.
Now, Lord, we take this body right now because you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes we are healed.
And we take this body right now, and we thank you, Lord, that we are joined with you, seated in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers and might.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're in that place of authority over the demonic.
And we thank you, Father, we take this body right now and in Jesus' name we're healed.
We're whole.
We're well.
We take the blood; we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood that you said if we confess our sins, you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Now, Father, I take this blood right now in the name of Jesus Christ, and I plead the blood of Jesus over every single viewer today.
I plead the blood from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, they condemn it.
Father, I cover us in the blood.
I cover our families in the blood.
And I say, 'Satan, thus far and no further; we take authority over you.
You bow your knee.
You'll not hinder, harm, or hurt us in any way.
' We cover our families in the blood, Father, from the storms.
We cover the storms right now in the blood.
There are storms coming.
Some people say, 'Yes, of course it's spring.
' No, these two storms—I see two tornadoes.
Two major tornadoes.
Two major tornadoes up by Nebraska.
It's right in the middle, up by Nebraska and almost by Kansas, but it's right in that area, Omaha.
It's through there.
Two major tornadoes right in through there.
You say, 'How major?
' Major, big tornadoes—bigger than an EF3.
So, what we do to pray against those, not that he's showing it to us to let it happen, but we pray a hedge of covering around the believers that there's no tornado activity that comes forth and destroys any homes in Jesus' name, businesses, or lives.
He doesn't show us things to give us kicks and giggles.
It's so that we can go out and take authority over it and pray against it and say, 'No, you are not doing this.
We're not having weather that's destructive and killing people in Nebraska.
' Do you understand?
That's what we do.
And we take the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over this, that God is before us.
And who can be against us?
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood today, right now in Jesus' name.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
We take authority over those storms.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
We thank you, Lord, for this is the day the Lord has made, and let us rejoice and be glad in it.
For he has made a good day.
This is a good day, Father.
We worship you.
We give you praise and glory and honor.
Thank you, Father, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Oh Lord, we praise you today.
Oh Lord, we worship you today.
Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God.
We receive what you're saying today.
We receive it, Father.
Clarity, Father.
Prophetic clarity and pinpoint accuracy in the days ahead.
Even more accurate.
Time to come up higher.
Prophetic accuracy.
We thank you, Lord.
I see it.
You've got to come up higher and prophesy in the throne room.
Come up higher to the throne of grace.
You've got to come up higher into the throne room.
Yeah, thank you, Lord.
Come up higher.
He says, 'Come up higher.
' There's more there.
The accuracy is in the higher.
You don't know what you averted.
It has been many, many times.
You don't know what you've done.
The prayer of the righteous availeth much.
What is it availing into?
What is it availing to?
To change things.
Having pinpoint accuracy that you change things.
Changing things through the spirit; changing things in the natural.
For what you pray in the spirit will happen in the natural.
The very plan of the enemy is to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
But I have come that you might have life and life more abundantly.
But you fight and you contend for what I've called you to do.
Contend, contend, contend!
You fight for it.
Oh, you take the land.
I have provided the land.
I have provided all that you need.
But you've got to take it by faith and by force.
Take it out of the hand of the wicked.
Take it out of the hand of the unrighteous.
Take it, for it belongs to you.
It's in the wrong hands.
You don't know what you've averted.
You don't know what you've done because of the understanding and the depths of the watchman to come up higher and think higher.
Come up higher and think higher.
Oh, the difference between the true prophetic and the watchman.
Both are called to always be in prayer.
Prayer is the foundation of every gift.
But some are called to an assignment of prayer.
And the prophetic decrees things and says the things that I tell him to say, and prayer changes things.
Don't get confused by giftings.
One sees out in a glance with a prophetic eye.
One sees in a prophetic eye, telling the things that are coming.
Oh, it's similar to prophetic, but it's different.
It's like words that are seen like this are altered.
You can change it through prayer.
Prophetic is like a firm pillar, but this watching is changed through prayer.
The assignment is prayer: watching, seeing, praying, and changing things which are to come—the enemy's plans.
Seeing a watchman on the wall, changing the enemy's plan.
The prophetic says, 'Thus saith the Lord, it will come to pass.
' I see, they are very similar.
I see it.
It's right.
It's not taught in the church.
He says it's not taught in the church, so therefore it brings confusion.
Two different standards, two different functions, but similar.
Therefore, it brings confusion.
It's the see and the watches.
Watchers watch.
What are you watching for?
Watch and pray.
For there are people who are watchers trying to be prophetic, and there are those who are prophetic trying to be watchers.
Know your place and what I've called you to be.
It's all in how you see.
He says it's all in how you see; it's all in how you relay what I tell you to say.
I see it for the first time ever.
I see it, son.
And that's why they link them so close together, because one is seeing to change things and one is seeing and decreeing things, and they flow together like harmony.
The world confuses it.
One thinks he's prophetic when he's a watcher, and the one that's a watcher thinks he's prophetic.
They try to mix together and say, 'Well, I'm a watchman,' but they are two different assignments.
Both are based out of prayer.
Do you see?
Every gift—from pastor, prophet, teacher, evangelist, and apostle—they all are based out of prayer.
The foundation of every ministry gift is prayer, and the Word backs it.
I've called intercessors; I've called people to be intercessors.
Prayer changes things.
He says, 'Averting what the enemy has in store for you.
' You don't know what you've averted.
You don't know what you've done by your prayer, my son.
So look up.
Have a heart that's looked up today, a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Look up today, for you don't know what you've averted.
Oh, don't look down.
Stand on what I say.
They will laugh and they will mock because they're ignorant to that which is to come.
And there's judgment for them.
I said, 'Touch not mine anointed.
Touch not my prophetic voices.
Touch not them.
Harm no man.
' I will silence those critics.
I will silence the critics I hear.
Oh, pray for them, for many more critics will come.
More critics will come as the unraveling and the revealing come stronger and stronger.
As you come up higher and higher with the fire, your job is to avert these things.
I say it's a prayer veil.
Many prayer veils.
Understanding your gift, understanding your place of authority, understanding what I've called you to do.
It's so interesting; it's all about the teaching in the church.
They don't teach about the spiritual gifts or how they flow.
For a lot of people—the evangelists, the pastors—the meaning of what they're called to be is surface.
Watchmen, pastors, prophets—they leave it there.
It's a title, it's a label, but it doesn't go into the depth of what they do, and therefore it brings confusion in the Body of Christ.
The Lord says time and time again, people get out of step and out of sync with Him, trying to operate on a platform that they are not anointed to operate in, and it brings confusion.
They say, 'I'm a prophet.
' He says they're not; they're watchers.
They say, 'I'm a prophet,' and He says, 'No, they're not.
They're called to pray.
' They're seeing the future and they use the prophetic eye to change things.
I see faces of big ministers right now.
Kim Clement was a true prophet.
Understanding your position of authority and what He's called you to be breaks the confusion.
It's not confusing; it's understanding who you are and teaching it from the pulpit.
I got something today; I saw things that brought clarity for me.
I needed that.
I appreciate You, Holy Spirit.
It clears up confusion.
Thank you, Father.
You don't know what you've averted.
You don't know what we've done.
That's what He says, for He shows you that which is to come and how you change it as a watchman versus prophetic.
So many people stepped out of step and out of sync.
They are trying to be one thing when He's called them to be another, but they don't know who they are because they're not taught.
They function very similarly.
They both see through the eyes on the wall, but one sees so far and with more detail.
They operate like a right eye and a left eye.
Both are seeing, but one is called to pray and do something different.
All giftings are based out of prayer, but one's assignment is prayer versus decreeing like a pillar.
It's not taught, and even what I just saw is just a surface scratch of something much deeper.
There is depth to this.
I pray this video blessed you today; it blessed me.
But you've got to take it by faith and by force.
Take it out of the hand of the wicked.
Take it out of the hand of the unrighteous.
Take it, for it belongs to you.
It's in the wrong hands.
You don't know what you've averted.
You don't know what you've done because of the understanding and the depths of the watchman to come up higher and think higher.
Come up higher and think higher.
Oh, the difference between the true prophetic and the watchman.
Both are called to always be in prayer.
Prayer is the foundation of every gift.
But some are called to an assignment of prayer.
And the prophetic decrees things and says the things that I tell him to say, and prayer changes things.
Don't get confused by giftings.
One sees out in a glance with a prophetic eye.
One sees in a prophetic eye, telling the things that are coming.
Oh, it's similar to prophetic, but it's different.
It's like words that are seen like this are altered.
You can change it through prayer.
Prophetic is like a firm pillar, but this watching is changed through prayer.
The assignment is prayer: watching, seeing, praying, and changing things which are to come—the enemy's plans.
Seeing a watchman on the wall, changing the enemy's plan.
The prophetic says, 'Thus saith the Lord, it will come to pass.
' I see, they are very similar.
I see it.
It's right.
It's not taught in the church.
He says it's not taught in the church, so therefore it brings confusion.
Two different standards, two different functions, but similar.
Therefore, it brings confusion.
It's the see and the watches.
Watchers watch.
What are you watching for?
Watch and pray.
For there are people who are watchers trying to be prophetic, and there are those who are prophetic trying to be watchers.
Know your place and what I've called you to be.
It's all in how you see.
He says it's all in how you see; it's all in how you relay what I tell you to say.
I see it for the first time ever.
I see it, son.
And that's why they link them so close together, because one is seeing to change things and one is seeing and decreeing things, and they flow together like harmony.
The world confuses it.
One thinks he's prophetic when he's a watcher, and the one that's a watcher thinks he's prophetic.
They try to mix together and say, 'Well, I'm a watchman,' but they are two different assignments.
Both are based out of prayer.
Do you see?
Every gift—from pastor, prophet, teacher, evangelist, and apostle—they all are based out of prayer.
The foundation of every ministry gift is prayer, and the Word backs it.
I've called intercessors; I've called people to be intercessors.
Prayer changes things.
He says, 'Averting what the enemy has in store for you.
' You don't know what you've averted.
You don't know what you've done by your prayer, my son.
So look up.
Have a heart that's looked up today, a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Look up today, for you don't know what you've averted.
Oh, don't look down.
Stand on what I say.
They will laugh and they will mock because they're ignorant to that which is to come.
And there's judgment for them.
I said, 'Touch not mine anointed.
Touch not my prophetic voices.
Touch not them.
Harm no man.
' I will silence those critics.
I will silence the critics I hear.
Oh, pray for them, for many more critics will come.
More critics will come as the unraveling and the revealing come stronger and stronger.
As you come up higher and higher with the fire, your job is to avert these things.
I say it's a prayer veil.
Many prayer veils.
Understanding your gift, understanding your place of authority, understanding what I've called you to do.
It's so interesting; it's all about the teaching in the church.
They don't teach about the spiritual gifts or how they flow.
For a lot of people—the evangelists, the pastors—the meaning of what they're called to be is surface.
Watchmen, pastors, prophets—they leave it there.
It's a title, it's a label, but it doesn't go into the depth of what they do, and therefore it brings confusion in the Body of Christ.
The Lord says time and time again, people get out of step and out of sync with Him, trying to operate on a platform that they are not anointed to operate in, and it brings confusion.
They say, 'I'm a prophet.
' He says they're not; they're watchers.
They say, 'I'm a prophet,' and He says, 'No, they're not.
They're called to pray.
' They're seeing the future and they use the prophetic eye to change things.
I see faces of big ministers right now.
Kim Clement was a true prophet.
Understanding your position of authority and what He's called you to be breaks the confusion.
It's not confusing; it's understanding who you are and teaching it from the pulpit.
I got something today; I saw things that brought clarity for me.
I needed that.
I appreciate You, Holy Spirit.
It clears up confusion.
Thank you, Father.
You don't know what you've averted.
You don't know what we've done.
That's what He says, for He shows you that which is to come and how you change it as a watchman versus prophetic.
So many people stepped out of step and out of sync.
They are trying to be one thing when He's called them to be another, but they don't know who they are because they're not taught.
They function very similarly.
They both see through the eyes on the wall, but one sees so far and with more detail.
They operate like a right eye and a left eye.
Both are seeing, but one is called to pray and do something different.
All giftings are based out of prayer, but one's assignment is prayer versus decreeing like a pillar.
It's not taught, and even what I just saw is just a surface scratch of something much deeper.
There is depth to this.
I pray this video blessed you today; it blessed me.